B2B marketing has changed massively over
the last couple of years strategies that
worked 2 to four years ago are simply no
longer effective I know this after
working with dozens of B2B software SAS
and service companies to drive
significant impact to their pipeline
qualified leads and revenue so we know
exactly what works and what doesn't in
this video I'm going to break down the
strategies you need to be using for your
B2B Marketing in 2025 and Beyond so you
can start growing your revenue and
growing your business let's dive in up
first we've got o search engine
optimization the practice of getting
your website to position one in Google's
organic their non-paid search results
it's still one of the most common ways
that B2B prospects use when they want to
find a new solution piece of software
service or vendor if you don't invest in
it the chances are every time a dream
client is going to Google and searching
for perhaps your service your software
Your solution comparing you to
Alternatives or looking for problems
that you solve your competitors are
going to be showing up stealing
potential traffic they're going to be
stealing mind share brand awareness but
most importantly they're going to be
enjoying a steady stream of organic
leads demos signups or Revenue just
because you neglected SEO so investing
in a solid SEO program means you can
drive a consistent flow of high quality
traffic to your website and start
driving a steady flow of leads demos and
revenues so at breaking B2B when it
comes to SEO there's a few practices
that we recommend the first is
identifying your money your commercial
keywords understanding exactly what a
dream client would search for when
they're ready to have a sales
conversation around your offer and
matching those to longtail keywords that
someone might type into Google when they
need it so that could be if you sell
software for example in the calendar
scheduling space best calendar
scheduling software or best calendar
scheduling tools or a common practice in
software is they compare you to
Alternatives so it might be they're
looking for competitor Alternatives or
competitor pricing competitor reviews or
they're looking directly for a service
in Niche so that might be best kind of
scheduling software for recruitment or
sales or HR so really identifying it
exactly what dream clients search for
when they're ready to have a sales
conversation around your offer and then
running that through a tool like hre
semrush or similar and quite often these
high intent money keywords have lower
search volume higher buying intent the
next step is building content that's
going to rank for these dream client
keywords that are going to drive leads
demos or revenue and quite a lot of the
time that's simply by searching those
keywords on Google seeing what the top
three organic search results and
understanding what type of page Google
favors is it a comparison like a top 10
listicle is it a landing page is it a
solution page a product page
understanding what type of content ranks
and working out the gaps in that current
content how can we make our page more
helpful useful educational trustworthy
and more convincing to those dream
clients a lot of this weaves in customer
research we can attack directly their
goals their pain points the impact of
not fixing that problem and then show
trust signals social proof reviews
testimonials weaving examples of our
product or a service we offering and
then clear cool to actions to take that
next step so identify money keywords
build best-in-class content do some
standard technical SEO making sure your
url is on your focus keyword your H1 tag
is relevant to your keyword sorting The
Meta title and description and then
weaving in your focus keyword in your
content but making sure it has that
customer research behind it and then
having a bias towards publishing content
at speed you can start outranking giant
competitors and then of course building
back links to those more competitive
keywords Niche relevant links from
relevant sites we can start boosting the
website Authority and start getting
those tough to rank keywords organic
position one and over time you can start
attracting those dream clients they're
searching for your service searching for
your solution searching for problems you
solve or comparing alternatives to drive
quality traffic and drive quality leads
as an example we recently worked with a
B2B SAS company called wildspark we got
them organic position one for a bunch of
keywords within 30 days around
competitor Alternatives and similar
driving demos shortly after and we
recently work with another client the
B2B Playbook we helped them out rank
HubSpot within just 50 days and within
67 days they started driving Pipeline
and getting closed one Revenue up next
we've got your website this is going to
be the top conversion machine where all
your hard earned B2B traffic is going to
visit to decide if you're trustworthy
enough to Warrant a sales conversation
or for them to get in touch take a trial
or whatever your next step is your
website can quite literally be your very
best or very worst sales person all
dependent on how you treat it so imagine
you're taking a demo with a sales reper
solution you're evaluating and all they
do is talk about themselves how great
they are how awesome they are and awards
they've won probably going to put you
off they haven't taken the time to learn
about you shared problems they solve
understand if you actually care if it's
a good fit and more your website's the
same if you just use your website plas
to how great you are and it's probably
going to repel more prospects than it
should I've actually interviewed over
410 B2B marketing exacts on my podcast
breaking B2B and from that research I
understand that they want to quickly see
exactly what you do why they Su choose
you and how it helps them so your
homepage should clearly detail that then
they want to know results so proof of
results that you've brought for
customers clients and similar they want
to see your product and action so if
you're a B2B software company or SAS
they want to see under the hood maybe a
live demo screenshots gifts video
runthrough or if you're Service Company
video examples and all that good stuff
they want to check out the pricing and
make sure they can actually afford Your
solution and it's within their budget
they want to get answers to their common
questions so with relevant FAQs handle
objections on specific pages and then
basic on checking all those boxes they
want to be able to easily schedule and
book a time with a salesperson so that
could be with a calendar scheduling tool
so they can check a time that works on a
day that work and book in that slot
that's the research that that's what you
want to aim to your B2B website when it
comes to a process so most of the time
we like to start with customer research
so try to interview if you can 7 to 10
recently won customers to understand
things like the main problem they came
to to fix why they chose you over
competitors if you've got an existing
website understand things like what they
feel is missing on on your existing
website and any other reasons why they
almost didn't choose you or that they
feel is better on other competitors
websites you can leverage all this Intel
you can look for patterns in that
research in terms of the responses so
you can start leveraging it into website
headlines on your homepage you're
messaging and weaving it into core Pages
like your homepage Services products
demo page if relevant pricing book a
cool demo whatever it may be so you can
make sure your website really attracts
resonates qualifies builds trust with
and converts those dream CL cents into a
steady stream of leads signups or sales
calls for your team we recently worked
with Revenue here I did some Consulting
with them on their B2B SAS website and
from there they're driving a steady flow
of demos for their sales team up next
we've got podcasting it's still
something that's overlooked and
neglected by many B2B companies it's a
way to build a personal relationship
when folks are listening or watching
your show become famous in your niche in
your industry and start driving
qualified lead needs revenue or even
other means of Revenue through things
like sponsorships Partnerships and much
much more there's a bunch of plays that
work when it comes to running a B2B
podcast one could be an ABM and
account-based marketing strategy with
guest interviews so you make a list of
your dream clients maybe top 75 accounts
and you invite those prospects onto your
show maybe you reach out via LinkedIn or
custom video message or similar and you
run a great interview with them you get
them to share practical tips insights
and Etc on that industry you promote it
so you record it on video and you
promote it on YouTube Apple Spotify Etc
maybe you do video promo clips that you
share with them the assets you build up
a relationship with this Prospect and
eventually they might come to you for
business you might weave in the
conversation about prob a client or send
work your way the next way is through
solo episodes so rather than guests you
talk specifically about valuable
insights industry ideas experiments case
studies whatever is relevant to your
nichan industry become a thought leader
almost through your video or audio
podcast content another is to interview
famous folks within your Niche and
Industry and build an audience that way
by almost piggybacking of Their audience
or the fourth way is actually to guest
on other podcasts that have already got
an audience I love to use a site called
listen notes you can actually type in
your industry in my industry I type in
SAS marketing or B2B marketing look for
the top rated podcast and Pitch the
hosts the guests on their show introduce
yourself talk about practical tips Their
audience can learn from so in my case I
talk about B2 marketing SAS marketing
SEO website share really valuable
insights we've been running the breaking
B2B podcast for almost 5 years and it's
been a great source to build trust grow
my following actually get leads from
guests we've had and on solo episodes
we've driven a steady trickle of leads
through the audio podcast through
YouTube and through the newsletter
Following over time and next up we've
got LinkedIn organic content LinkedIn is
the biggest B2B platform on the web
chances are if you're on B2B Services
tech software or SAS your prospects are
quite likely to be hanging out on there
it's a great way to build an audience
throw your network drive inbound leads
become almost a thought leader in your
Niche or your industry Drive
Partnerships even if you're looking to
hire now the process we follow at
breaking B2B for LinkedIn is reasonably
straightforward first off map out your
ICP your idle client profile and
Linkedin sales Navigator enables you to
send 200 requests each and every week
which I advise so in our case we target
marketing leaders like marketing
directors CMOS demand gen leaders Etc
tech companies so we'll look to connect
with those each and every week we'll
comment on folks post a few comments a
day to boost our reach in the algorithm
so could be industry Partners could be
potential process specs could be friends
in the industry or similar posting my
thoughts ideas tips and insights on
their post and then posting myself
content from videos image posts or long
form text posts anything from breakdown
tips so in our case tips and strategies
around B2B marketing SAS SEO and similar
it could be a case study that I break
down exactly how he did it it could be a
video a short form video which is
performing really well at the time of
recording on LinkedIn could even be a
meme or a gift the whole point is to
attract the audience initially then give
some kind of value whether that's funny
educational content helpful informative
or similar and sometimes at the bottom
of post we'll do a CTA call to action
that could be check out my lead magnet
check out my newsletter or check out a
podcast wherever you want to guide the
audience and over time you can build up
engagement you can stay top of mind so
it's not just to instantly get leads as
we know B2B the buying Cycles can be
quite long it's about staying top of
Mind building up your audience over time
and becoming the thought person so when
they need your offer when they need the
problem you solv they come to you
directly this has been a great way to
drive a steady stream of leads for
breaking B2B over the years the next
strategy is probably going to surprise
you cold cooling yep not dead yet in
fact it still works because from my
experience in B2B there's not that many
folks actually doing it or at least
doing it that well it's a way to break
through the Clutter the noise of social
DM spam email spam or similar and it's a
way to connect directly with those folks
you actually want to be doing business
with and I advise following quite a
straightforward strategy we usually
start with a pattern interrupt so
something like hey Steve hey Janice
you're probably going to absolutely hate
me it's a dreaded cold cool do you want
to hang up now or can I grab 30 seconds
they usually get a bit of a chuckle and
then say go on then what do you want to
discuss what are you trying to sell me
and to which you can lead with an
opening statement that drives the top
three pain points that you solve so
breaking B2B we'd say something like
marketing leaders often bring us in CU
they're tired of seeing competitors
above them in organic search results or
maybe they vest in ads and SEO already
but their website is not converting that
hard earn traffic into leads or pipeline
or they have an agency helping with some
of but a bit concerned they're not
actually delivering results to leads
Pipeline and revenue any of those ring a
bell So paino based messaging for your
talk track and a patent interrupt to
break through the noise and then strike
up a conversation to see if it resonates
with those dream clients like I say not
that many folks actually cold cool and
all you need to do is get a list of
targeted data and get a dialer so you
don't have to manually dial on your cell
phone or mobile phone and then you can
start doing it I started doing it for a
couple hours a week just cuz I was
messing around on social platforms and
Linkedin thought I could actually invest
this time while I scale the business
through out cold calling to myp and it
has been a way that's driven quite a
decent amount of Revenue along with the
other channels that we're diving into on
this video you could give it a try
yourself or you could always hire a team
to help you next up we've got newsletter
and just like your website this is a
great way to build a foundational asset
that you actually own and have control
of unlike social media where you're
almost limited to the algorithm your
impressions could be limited and your
reach can be limited just like with a
website it's a foundational asset and
you can own that list so a newsletter is
a solid way to stay top of mind with
prospects Share value share tips and
every sof of and have a call to action
how can you build a newsletter audience
well I did mine through cool to actions
and Lead magnets so on YouTube videos on
podcast episodes or on LinkedIn content
every now and then I'd have a cool to
action so check out my SEO Playbook or
check out my mini website guide or check
out my step-by-step checklist and folks
would get a really valuable asset that
they might otherwise pay for it's that
useful and helpful and then return we'd
ask for that email address it's
something we've grown to 1500 plus B2B
marketers on the breaking B2B newsletter
I share weak daily tips Insight stories
weird experiments case studies around
SAS marketing and B2B marketing to stay
top of mind and it drives a steady
trickle of leads and last but definitely
not least is referrals it's probably the
strongest form of marketing Word of
Mouth a solid way to grow your business
and get super hot leads as there's
nothing really more trustworthy than an
existing customer that knows likes
trusts you believes in your work
introducing another potential client
your way a super hot lead plus it cost
you Zer or Pounds or marketing spend so
how can you get them well at breaking
B2B our process asking for referrals is
super straightforward as soon as we
deliver some kind of result or the
client's happy or we get some great
feedback you'd say something simple like
really glad that you're happy with these
results who do you know who can you
introduce us to that might be struggling
with this problem or who do you know
that could benefit from what we've just
done for you and ask for a simple intro
it could be an email intro could be a
LinkedIn message could be a slack
message could be something similar or
even they pass you their number or their
contact on LinkedIn you could even mock
them up a template intro like they say
something like hey Janice or hey Steve
recently worked with these guys at this
company they delivered us this result
remember you saying you were struggling
with XYZ we think they could actually
help you fix that problem probably worth
you guys linking up and then if they can
copy you into an email or a LinkedIn
message or similar super way to get a
hot lead and inbound intro this is
something we do all the time at breaking
B2B to get a nice flow of extra inbound
leads at no extra cost just a little bit
of effort and there you have it those
are my top B2B marketing strategies for
2025 and Beyond you've probably noticed
that quite a lot of these are going to
take a lot of time resource effort
energy and more to make a success now if
you want to skip that learning curve and
work with a team that's tried and tested
we're working with B2B service tech and
SAS companies for driving qualified
leads Pipeline and revenue why not book
a cool with us breaking bb.com you can
chat to me direct we can discuss any
current frustrations and your goals when
it comes to B2B marketing and see if
we're a good fit to work together so
head over to Breaking bb.com or hit the
link below to book a cool with myself or
you can try our newsletter for weekday
tips insights ideas case studies and
experiments to grow your B2B marketing
and make it a success and with that I
should catch you on the next video
cheers